Ben Kudarauksas, Alex Santos, Khloe Sakai


This application is intended to act like a simple file sharing
service between two paired devices that does not store the file
on a server. It allows for anonymous file sharing between users,
close to how a torrent works. This also has the use-case of sharing
files between your phone and computer quickly without the need to
upload to google drive, or email the files to yourself to get it
on your computer. 

This application serves anyone who wants to quickly and efficiently
transfer files between multiple devices. An example of this is if
you want to upload a picture to your computer, instead of plugging
your phone into your computer and downloading the image off your
phone you can simply get a one time pairing code and then upload
your file to the website and then download the file off the
website on your computer.

This application differs from others as it allows users to upload
files without creating an account and files are stored for a single
download and then removed. Other websites usually force the user to
create a free account to use their service. They also tend to create
temporary links that exist for days at a time whereas our application
will only host the file until the transfer is complete. We will also
use a pairing code to pair devices then download the file rather
than providing the user with a link to download the file.
This makes the process faster and easier for the user as they do not
need to type in a whole url to the file, or end up using a service to
get the link from one device to another. Some similar websites are linked below:
https://www.file.io/                https://fex.net/
https://tmpfiles.org/                https://filebin.net/

The idea was inspired by Apple’s Airdrop system but since only products
in the Apple ecosystem can share files like that with each other, the
next logical step would be to create a tool that can do that between
Apple products and non-Apple products like PC’s, servers, etc. I found
myself running into issues where I needed to quickly share a photo or a
PDF with myself from my iPhone to my PC but I had no convenient way to
do it. Some work arounds include setting up a Discord server to upload the
files to, or emailing them to yourself, but these come with their own
set of issues. 1. They are kind of inconvenient, especially emailing them
to yourself. 2. They have limits for the file sizes which are very small if you don't pay for
Nitro on Discord or have limited google drive space. This aims to solve
those issues by making it convenient, with large size limitations due to it not
being stored on the server for long, and by nature secure, so 
all your sensitive PDF’s, personal photos, etc aren't able to be easily downloaded 
for a second time and leaked.

The website will consist of two main pages and a few popups.
- The main page, where you have
   - A space for file uploads
   - A spot to input a code to pair
   - Your code to get files sent to
   - A button to send the file (no alerts are given to the user who sends a file)
   - A popup to alert of a successful connection between devices
   - A popup to alert that a file has been sent which contains a download link
   - An “About the Project” page, which is linked to the main page
   and has information about the project.

The primary area of focus is Area 5 as this site revolves around uploading
data from one device to another temporarily in the session storage of the clients involved
so it can be accessed by another device. The secondary area of focus is Area 1 as we strive to make
the site simple and easy to use for the user. We want to minimize the time
and friction between uploading and obtaining a file. A clean UI/UX is what
allows for this functionality. We chose to take on the approach that less is more
for this website's design.


Team Member Roles:
Ben - Backend 
Alex - Full Stack/Project Manager
Khloe - UI Designer/Frontend